README.md, before:

## Overview

`rust-emulas` is a Rust-based project designed for creating and managing emulators. It provides a robust framework for building emulation software with performance and reliability in mind.

## Features

- Modular architecture for easy customization.
- High-performance emulation capabilities.
- Written entirely in Rust for safety and speed.

## Project Structure

```
rust-emula/
├── src/               # Source code directory
├── Cargo.toml         # Project dependencies and metadata
└── README.md          # Project documentation
```

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/yourusername/rust-emula.git
    cd rust-emula
    ```

2. Build the project:
    ```bash
    cargo build
    ```

3. Run the project:
    ```bash
    cargo run
    ```

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please fork the repository and submit a pull request with your changes.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the `LICENSE` file for details.

Commit message:

Ajuste do bus (#8)
* feat: init setup

* Update Cargo.toml

* fix: bus addressing

---------

Co-authored-by: Wesley Oliveira <wesleyfetish@gmail.com>

fix: tentativa de correção das dependencias para buildar o SDL (#7)

README.md, after:

## Overview

`rust-emulas` is a Rust-based project designed for creating and managing emulators. It provides a robust framework for building emulation software with performance and reliability in mind.

## Features

- Modular architecture for easy customization.
- High-performance emulation capabilities.
- Written entirely in Rust for safety and speed.

## Project Structure

```
rust-emula/
├── src/               # Source code directory
├── Cargo.toml         # Project dependencies and metadata
└── README.md          # Project documentation
```

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/yourusername/rust-emula.git
    cd rust-emula
    ```

2. Build the project:
    ```bash
    cargo build
    ```

3. Run the project:
    ```bash
    cargo run
    ```

## Contributing

When making a commit, ensure that the version of the package in `Cargo.toml` is updated if necessary. Every commit should reflect the correct version of the package to maintain consistency and traceability.

Steps to verify:
1. Open the `Cargo.toml` file.
2. Check the `[package]` section for the `version` field.
3. Update the version if your changes introduce significant updates or fixes.
4. Include the updated `Cargo.toml` in your commit.

This ensures that the project versioning remains accurate and aligned with the changes made.


## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the `LICENSE` file for details.
